# Group Recommendation Web Survey

This folder shows all the code for the web survey. I've done my best to clean up the code, but some old or unused 
code remains. :sweat_smile:

# Installation

This project uses Laravel for the back-end and Vue for the front end. 
To install packages run the following commands: `composer install` for php and `npm install` for Javascript. 
Especially on the Javascript/Vue side there are a lot of packages that were used for experimental reasons, and are not
strictly needed to run the web survey.

The database used in this project is MongoDB, which can be set up in the .env file.
Since MongoDB does not have a set schema, no migrations are necessary.

Rather than defining routes in the routes/web.php file, they have been defined as annotations in the controllers.
The routes can be generated by running: `php artisan route:scan`.

# Configuration
As mentioned above, the database can be set up in the .env file. By default, a password or username is not expected,
if needed, this can be enabled in the `config/database.php` file.

The configuration for sending emails can be found in the .env file, instructions for most mail providers can easily be
found online. In order to send all mails to the same email address (regardless of the email address it is actually
sent to), uncomment the `'to' => []` part in the `config/mail.php` file and fill in an email address and name. 

# Running
Run `php artisan serve` to start a Laravel server.

Run `npm run watch` or `npm run dev` to compile the Javascript code. 

Some data, which is only used in unfinished pages, is zipped up in the `resources/js/data` folder.
The files need to be unzipped to make those pages work.

# Dependencies:

* PHP:
  * "php": "^7.4"
  * "ext-json": "*"
  * "fedeisas/laravel-mail-css-inliner": "^3.0",
  * "fideloper/proxy": "^4.2",
  * "fruitcake/laravel-cors": "^1.0",
  * "guzzlehttp/guzzle": "^6.3",
  * "jenssegers/mongodb": "4.0.0-alpha.1",
  * "jwilsson/spotify-web-api-php": "^3.4",
  * "laravel/framework": "^7.0",
  * "laravel/tinker": "^2.0",
  * "laravel/ui": "^2.0",
  * "laravelcollective/annotations": "^7.0",
  * "laravelcollective/html": "^6.1"

* JavaScript:
  * "apexcharts": "^3.22.0",
  * "bootstrap-icons": "^1.0.0",
  * "bootstrap-vue": "^2.18.1",
  * "hooper": "^0.3.4",
  * "html2canvas": "^1.0.0-rc.7",
  * "jquery": "^3.5.1",
  * "jquery.redirect": "^1.1.4",
  * "js-cookie": "^2.2.1",
  * "laravel-mix-svg-vue": "^0.2.6",
  * "mjml": "^4.7.1",
  * "spotify-web-api-js": "^1.5.0",
  * "survey-vue": "^1.8.10",
  * "trianglify": "^4.0.0",
  * "v-tooltip": "^2.0.3",
  * "vue": "^2.6.12",
  * "vue-apexcharts": "^1.6.0",
  * "vue-axios": "^2.1.5",
  * "vue-carousel": "^0.18.0",
  * "vue-cookie": "^1.1.4",
  * "vue-html2canvas": "0.0.4",
  * "vue-tour": "^1.5.0",
  * "vuejs-dialog": "^1.4.2",
  * "vuewordcloud": "^18.7.12"

